Create DIVD-2024-00046.md (#868)
DIVD-NL/web-csirt: _cases/2024/DIVD-2024-00046.md

---
layout: case
title: "Multiple critical vulnerablilties in Ivanti Cloud Services Appliance (CSA)"
author: Alwin Warringa
lead: Alwin Warringa
excerpt: "Ivanti CSA is affected by two critical vulnerabilities, allowing a remote unauthenticated attacker bypass admin authentication and execute arbitrary commands on the appliance."
researchers:
- Alwin Warringa
- Wessel Baltus
cves:
- CVE-2024-8963
- CVE-2024-8190
product:
- Ivanti Cloud Services Appliance (CSA)
versions: 
- Ivanti CSA before 4.6 Patch 519
recommendation: "Upgrade the Ivanti CSA 4.6 to CSA 5.0"
workaround: "none"
patch_status: Patch available
status : Open
start: 2024-09-24
timeline:
- start: 2024-09-24
  end:
  event: "DIVD starts researching the vulnerability."
- start: 2024-11-11
  end:
  event: "DIVD finds fingerprint, preparing to scan."
- start: 2024-11-11
  end:
  event: "Case opened and starting first scan."
- start: 2024-11-12
  end:
  event: "Mails sent out."
---

## Summary

> Ivanti is disclosing a critical vulnerability in Ivanti CSA 4.6 which was incidentally addressed in the patch released on 10 September (CSA 4.6 Patch 519). Successful exploitation could allow a remote unauthenticated attacker to access restricted functionality. If {% cve CVE-2024-8963 %} is used in conjunction with {% cve CVE-2024-8190 %} an attacker can bypass admin authentication and execute arbitrary commands on the appliance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ivanti has disclosed a critical vulnerability in Ivanti CSA 4.6 which was incidentally addressed in the patch released on 10 September (CSA 4.6 Patch 519). Successful exploitation could allow a remote unauthenticated attacker to access restricted functionality. If {% cve CVE-2024-8963 %} is used in conjunction with {% cve CVE-2024-8190 %} an attacker can bypass admin authentication and execute arbitrary commands on the appliance.
```
‘t Is al even terug toch?
